Welcome back let's see what I would have done which again doesn't mean it's right is just what I would
have done to improve the performance of the website.
Hopefully you had fun with this challenge.
Hopefully there are some trick questions there that he had to kind of get through.
But again I'm sure everybody did great.
So we talked about minimizing Phylis minimizing delivery and critical render path.
Those are the things that we focused on in this section.
So looking at the KCl Corp Web site it's not too bad let's refresh you here just to get those animations
in.
Yeah.
All right.
I made the web site so I did cheat.
I do know how we can improve the performance pretty well on this Web site because I made some things
that were definitely not the prettiest but you can see here it's not a bad web site for being what it
is.
It has some animations some some nice scrolling that we can do.
But you'll also notice here that they're using some libraries that don't even work.
So let's take a look at the code and see what I would have done to improve it.
The first thing I would do is definitely look at the female file and the female file over here.
First thing that catches my eye is the massive amounts of stylesheets that we have.
We see that they have a ton including bootstrap including transitions carrousel animate and obviously
our main CSSA file.
If I look at those swans I see that some of them aren't even minimized so we probably should minimise
those.
But my first question is really why do we need so many SS styles and do we really need them.
Do we really need animate CSSA or can we do some of those animations with just CSSA animations and transitions
that come natively.
Again you really want to focus on.
Do we really need this.
Don't just keep tacking on different things just because it's easy to do.
So again I would definitely definitely look into this and say I could probably get rid of some of this.
Then I scroll down and I see some script accent.
Oh boy there's a lot of script tags and they're all in the head which definitely we don't want to do.
We want to move all of these down to the very end of the body unless they're super important but looking
at these Jey query carrousel parallax scroll to a nice scroll while we can definitely put all those
down there.
We also want to ask ourself again do we really need this.
For example scroll to what it does.
It's supposed to make us scroll to the part of the website that we care about.
But you can see that it's not even working.
So maybe we don't even need that.
Again looking at why you need and why you don't need I then think about maybe are these minimised if
they're not minimized.
OK this one is this one is but this one isn't.
Perhaps we should minimize all that.
And then finally combine all of these into one file maybe have one main bundle file and the rest are
the vendor files all in one again minimizing our trips over the wire.
And then scrolling down through here you know typical typical a shemale nothing too crazy everything
looks pretty good here.
But again let's review some of our points and see what we can improve on here.
All right so we talked about loading style tags in the head loading scripts right before the body.
All right.
And then CSSA only loading whatever is needed.
We definitely talked about that we didn't talk about above the fold loading.
Again looking at the Web site we see that well we definitely have a nice scrolling Web site but we don't
need these images or any of these down below especially the CSSA.
We only need the top part.
So perhaps one thing we can do is actually add a style tag Rupes sell tag on our site it's really hard
to type when you have a mike and you're in your face like I do.
And you know that's just a side note in case you want to know with this style tag I can have some styles
just for the main part of the page that the viewer sees right away.
And this way I can just load my style sheets like I showed you after the page loads and all the stuff
below the fold loads afterwards.
So that's one way.
Another thing we can look at is the media attributes.
Looking at this background image it looks pretty big and I bet it's not optimized for the mobo.
So let's take a look at how big this image is I want to open up the airport.
I can't talk I am going to open up the network tab with developer tools and then I'm going to filter
for images and I'm going to refresh and boy.
That's a lot of images.
I think it's the hero image.
Yeah there it is.
So we see over here that this image is one megabyte.
That's that's pretty ridiculous.
We can definitely compress this and minimizes and we definitely don't need that big of an image for
a mobile screen.
Also let's take a look at all of the requests that were making on this page.
Oh boy.
That's 48 requests.
We definitely don't need that many requests.
By the way this is how a lot of older Web sites used to work and definitely not not the best I would
say.
All right let's see what else we can improve here.
We talked about the first three but less specificity.
And this Web site they're not too bad with this and this is one of those minor things that you don't
really want to worry too much about.
It does affect performance but not to the extent of some of the other things.
So I wouldn't worry too much about this but I wanted to include it there anyway for you.
We also talked about loading scripts but we didn't talk about asynchronously or deferring those scripts
for javascript or for Jay query and all these other scripts that we didn't really need.
We probably want to add an async or deferred tag to them if we want to keep them around.
We also want to minimize DOM manipulation and avoid long running Javascript.
So let's take a look here.
DOM manipulation Well I think that's happening a lot especially with all these animations that we see
again if we refresh.
We see all the animations that happen here.
We can definitely avoid some of this especially using Jake queery the fact that they're using J.A.G.
right now.
Let's take a look at some of the stuff that we do.
The parallax to go to Maine.
You see that they're using Jacquier a lot.
And that library is great.
However pretty much anything they can do in jail where you can do with native Java.
I think there's a Web site called.
You don't need a query.
Let's see.
Or you might not need Jacqui and actually shows you all the things you can do with javascript instead
of using Jay Querrey so we can avoid using this massive library and just use javascript that comes with
the.
And again we're using tools like scroll to or libraries like scroll to.
That is supposed to make our Web site clickable and scroll to that section but it's not even working.
So again really testing out to see do we really need this.
And then finally avoid long running Javascript.
I don't think we have too much of that but with animations that can get pretty tricky.
So again things that you can improve on and we're just scratching the surface here but I hope you really
had fun with this exercise.
It was definitely fun making this Web site and I'm really excited to see how fast some of these Web
sites can get.
As I watch you post them and to the community.
But the key thing to remember here is that performance is a never ending game.
You can always improve performance over Web site.
You can always tweak that little thing.
As a senior developer you want to make sure that you spend your time wisely on things that matter.
Figure out what's valuable for your client for your business for your boss and do those performance
optimizations but only to the point that is needed because otherwise you're going to drive yourself
mad.
There's so many things you can do.
Focus on those big ticket items.
The key features to make a web site performant.
I hope you had fun in this challenge and I look forward to seeing you in the next video Popeye.